Clarify targets delegation tree (#40)
secure-systems-lab/peps: pep-0458.txt

protect projects from attackers who have compromised PyPI, since they can
then manipulate TUF metadata using the keys stored online.

This PEP proposes that the *bin-n* roles sign for all PyPI projects with online

> keys. They MUST all be delegated by the upper-level bins* role, which is signed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
keys. They MUST all be delegated by the upper-level *bins* role, which is signed
```

Author: Fixed in a force push. Thanks for the eyes, @joshuagl.

Reviewer 2: In the second sentence, its not clear who or what is "they" so see suggestion
```suggestion
keys. These *bin-n* roles MUST all be delegated by the upper-level bins* role, which is signed
```

Reviewer 2: Otherwise, I think this text is OK.
